Example: Show case how to add an extension point to a plugin (#137)
grafana/grafana-plugin-examples: examples/app-with-extension-point/README.md

# Grafana App Plugin which adds a plugin UI extension point

> This example demonstrates how to add a plugin extension point that can be extended by other plugins. It works by bundling three different app plugins within the same bundle. First we have the `myorg-extensionpoint-app` that creates an extension point. Then we have the `src/plugins/myorg-a-app` and `src/plugins/myorg-b-app` that extends the `myorg-extensionpoint-app` UI with a link and a command.

Reviewer: **Nit:** the same question as above.

> The way we have nested app plugins in this example is not recommended to use in production.

## Guides in this example

| **Example**                                                      | **Source**       |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------- |
| [How to add an extension point?](#how-to-add-an-extension-point) | [App.tsx#L12-18] |

### How to add an extension point?

> **Example:** [App.tsx#L12-18]

Reviewer: **Nit:** should we link the source? Or is this intended to be a foot-note?

Author: I have no idea. Please help me here 🙈

> The first thing you need to do is to define a placement for your extension point. A placement is a unique identifier that other plugins can reference when adding extensions to your extension point. It needs to start with `plugins/<your-plugin-id>/` followed by a relevent path for your plugin.

Reviewer: **Nit:** maybe, just an idea.
```suggestion
The first thing you need to do is to define a placement for your extension point. A placement is a unique identifier that other plugins can reference when adding extensions to your extension point. It should be in the following format: `plugins/<your-plugin-id>/<placement-name>`, where:
- `<your-plugin-id>` is the full ID of your plugin, e.g. `"myorg-b-app"`
- `<placement-name>` is an identifier for the placement, unique inside your plugin, e.g. `"header"`
```
